Cloud July Notes (#17405)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/releases/cloud/2023-07-10.md

## July 10, 2023

<h3> General changes </h3>

> - Previously, a default setting in the Amazon CloudWatch exporter was leading to redundant cardinality in [metrics exported](../cockroachcloud/export-metrics.html) from {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters. This option is now disabled to reduce AWS costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Previously, a default setting in the Amazon CloudWatch exporter was could cause redundant cardinality in [metrics exported](../cockroachcloud/export-metrics.html) from {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters. This option is now disabled to reduce AWS costs.
```
Do you think it's clear how redundant cardinality could lead to increased cost?
